As long as you submit to me
I will give you ten times the resources
Reign with me
You have 10 seconds.
If you don't surrender to me after 10 seconds
Teng Teng is dead
Hurry up!
Dongguan adults
I, our male god flower clan, are willing to wear cloth in the year
I am also willing to join the Sun Divine Beast
Gege Zhuwei reigns over the world together
I also want to make new choices
you
There is an old saying in the building called Xi Xi Wu Zhi is Junjie
You are all heroes
Hahaha
Ye Qingmei
Do you know what you are doing?
Wuyan people wronged me Yunye Sect to support you all the way
I didn't expect you to be so wolf-hearted
Better than a beast
Throughout the ages
People who can achieve great things are informal
Right, right, right now, the Grand Canyon.
About to die
The four evil gods will become the masters of the new world
We're just going with the flow.
Mechanical democracy
It's weak like you
And those who don't play well will only go to hell
What are you guys still doing?
Come and wait
Aren't we going to hell together?